refactor (#335)
KxSystems/docs: docs/interfaces/capiref.md

K sd1(I d, f)
```

Put the function `K f(I d){…}` on the q main event loop given a socket `d`. Should only be called from main thread.

If `d` is negative, the socket is switched to non-blocking.

The function `f` should return `NULL` or a pointer to a K object.

> If the return value of `f` is  a pointer to a K object, its reference count will be decremended i.e. passed to [`r0`](#r0-decrement-refcount).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the return value of `f` is  a pointer to a K object, its reference count is decremented i.e. passed to [`r0`](#r0-decrement-refcount).

```

> On success, `sd1` returns an K object of type integer, containing `d`. On error, `NULL` is returned and `d` is closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On success, `sd1` returns a K object of type integer, containing `d`. On error, `NULL` is returned and `d` is closed.

```
